the year
the project my name is to lions from amsterdam
and I want to tell you that at this year do something new with days of fruit
to film the 2013 season from the league to the EC qualification
and explain at that moment the but it can happen
it is now just 7 March
the past few days it has been warm weather the bears leaf packed with us
the jumpers more than decent completely deposited
but that will be less from now on in the coming week
there will be two winters and for that matter the ajax will set the
be minimal
next to honor platform
plays another place and gambling sites respect that
The Pear Fox disease is caused by the March period
and that is from the skyteam stage so from now on
it becomes globally active that is also the moment
to fight the beast
the last few days it is still going to spray some upholstery money but it
shall
may appear, but as the coming days are also expected
will limit cold temperatures during the day even though it has not become active
it is important that as soon as the temperatures are fired, you can too
weather
that there is a lot of money but it is being contested
lastly, I would like to draw your attention to the fight against pdl the bear pit
fulfills
at the beginning of March, there is now actually an estimation error
put on the world the bear pit caused
the well-known dick cups
that are you have is
lock up
and therein is the lakers
so once that the weather exceeds the more often week 13 14
yes that will be
combat
there below
in particular in the plots
also under pressure last year
thanks for the bruyne
one in the following video
nature and my colleagues 3 the makers a diamond
also our website
also follow via twitter
calling is also possible
alliance